This course relies heavily on Docker Compose, which
is a tool designed for local dev and test
to make it easier for Docker workflows.
In fact, Docker built the tool designing it around the
typical workflow of a dev test prod lifecycle
where you're going to be building a bunch of stuff on your
local machine, and then eventually ship it off.
It's a great tool.
We're going spend a lot of time on it in this course.It's
really going to help you save some time.
If you're new to it, this section is going to focus on
the CLI and the file format for using Docker Compose.
If you're not new to it maybe it's a good review
anyway. It's got an assignment at the end to make sure that
you've got the basics down before we start jumping heavily
into using Docker Compose day to day.